Add some contributing notes and a style guide (#183)
Kuadrant/docs.kuadrant.io: style_guide.md

# Style Guide

## Framework

> Follow the [Diátaxis framework](https://diataxis.fr/) for which section of the site the document should be placed, and understanding the goal of the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [Diátaxis approach](https://diataxis.fr/) when working on new documentation. 
```

> This will help inform what way to structure the document, what to focus on, and what to avoid from a content point of view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach helps you decide on what kind of documentation to write and how to write it well. 
```

For example, use "To create a ReplicaSet,..." instead of "In order to create a ReplicaSet, ...".
Another example, use "View the pods." instead of "With this next command, we'll view the pods".

## Avoid jargon and idioms

Some readers may not speak English as a primary language. Avoid jargon and idioms to help them understand better.
For example, use "Internally,..." instead of "Under the hood,...",
or "Create a new cluster." instead of "Spin up a cluster."

## Avoid time sensitive statements

Avoid making promises or giving hints about the future. If you need to talk about an alpha feature, put the text under a heading that identifies it as alpha information.
An exception to this would be mentioning the deprecation (and potential eventual removal) of some API.

Avoid statements that will soon be out of date.
An indication of this is words like "currently" and "new." A feature that is new today might not be considered new in a few months.

For example, use "In version 1.0, ..." instead of "In the current version, ...".

## Avoid words that don't add value

Avoid words such as "just", "simply", "easy", "easily", or "simple". These words do not add value.

> 

Reviewer 2: examples are all nice and succinct

## Images

Avoid the overuse of images and screenshots as they can be a pain to maintain.

## Characters

Avoid the use of unusual characters, for example Unicode numbering and emojis.

## Grammar

* Start sentences with capital letters and end with . or :
* Products, projects, and tools should be capitalised i.e Kuadrant, Authorino, Limitador etc

## Inline Blocks, Notes & Warnings

To highlight some content like blocks, notes or warnings, use the correct formatting as per https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/admonitions/#inline-blocks

For example:

````markdown
```markdown
!!! note

    This method currently only works if the Gateway is provided by Istio, with service mesh capabilities enabled across the cluster.
```
````

## Code Blocks

For code blocks preface the language in the code block as per https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/code-blocks/#usage

For example:

````markdown
```bash
kubectl get deployments -n kuadrant-system
```
````

## Numbering in lists

> Avoid the overuse of numbering. It allows for docs to be updated much easier in the future.

Reviewer 3: Is this only for the limitation of markdown. If it is more useful to have the sections number for the user, is it worth looking at restructuredtext (rst). In the rst adding `.. sectnum ::` to the top of the file will manage the numbering for all sections. 

The main question what is best for the user, not what is easier for us.

Author: > what is best for the user, not what is easier for us

Absolutely.
Switching from markdown is a non runner though as we're using mkdocs.

I'm only aware of 2 docs that used section numbering

* https://docs.kuadrant.io/0.11.0/kuadrant-operator/doc/user-guides/secure-protect-connect/
* https://docs.kuadrant.io/0.11.0/kuadrant-operator/doc/user-guides/secure-protect-connect-single-multi-cluster/

Both have been replaced by a non platform specific guide that doesn't have section numbering: https://docs.kuadrant.io/dev/kuadrant-operator/doc/user-guides/full-walkthrough/secure-protect-connect/

Perhaps that was the inspiration for this point?

Anyways, I think the wording on the guideline here is sufficient to make the writer question numbering, but not saying to *not* do it outright.
As with a lot of documentation, there can be element of subjective review, and whether or not something is `overused` can be argued. If something adds sufficient value, I don't see why it would be rejected.
